Happy anniversary, beautiful.
Listen, Clark, we're done.
Where'd you get this ring?
I've fallen for someone else.
I thought you loved me.
If you really loved him, now's the time to say.
What did you expect, Clark?
You're just a struggling actor, but Jim, Jim's rich.
He could give me the life that you never could.
What, Jim?
Like Jim Kirby, that snobbish rich asshole
who just flaunts his wealth in front of everyone?
Lois, you're better than that.
This is not up for discussion, Clark. We're done.
Clark's here to run over a few blockbuster projects with me.
Hi.
In a period you have company, I'll see you at the office tomorrow.
I mean, who can blame him?
Gave up the one guy I truly loved and now he's the biggest star in the country.
And here I am, kicked out by a cheater and a liar and a jerk.
Way to go, Lois.